Clarify requirements for AIX runtimes (#2085)
adoptium/adoptium.net: content/asciidoc-pages/supported-platforms/index.adoc

| Solaris 11 | icon:check[] | icon:times[] | icon:times[] | icon:times[]
| Solaris 10u11 | icon:check[] | icon:times[] | icon:times[] | icon:times[]

> 5+h| AIX (PowerPC 64-bit Big Endian) footnote:aix71[Running the latest versions on AIX 7.1 is no longer supported. The last versions which targetted able to run on AIX 7.1 were jdk8u362, jdk-11.0.18 and jdk-17.0.8] footnote:alxrt[Requires XLC runtime packages from the compiler or standalone for XLC 13 for JDK8: https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-xl-cc-runtime-aix-131 or XLC 16 for JDK11+: https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-xl-cc-runtime-aix-161]

Reviewer: Combine into one footnote, and use linked text rather than display URLs.

```suggestion
5+h| AIX (PowerPC 64-bit Big Endian) footnote:aix71[Running the latest versions on AIX 7.1 is no longer supported. The last versions able to run on AIX 7.1 were jdk8u362, jdk-11.0.18 and jdk-17.0.8. Later versions require XLC runtime packages from the compiler or standalone for link:https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-xl-cc-runtime-aix-131[XLC 13] for JDK8 or link:https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-xl-cc-runtime-aix-161[XLC 16] for JDK11+. ]
```
